Article about RPM upgrades (#1683)
brimdata/brim: docs/Linux-RPM-Upgrade-(v0.25.0+).md

# Linux RPM Upgrade (v0.25.0+)

GA Brim release `v0.25.0` uses a new toolkit for packaging and installing the
app. The [RPM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RPM_Package_Manager) packages
for this newer installer are unfortunately incompatible with the RPM packages
from the older system, such that an attempt to install RPM packages of Brim
`v0.25.0` (or newer) while an installation of Brim `v0.24.0` (or older) is
still present results in a failure similar to the one shown below.

![RPM unable to install](media/RPM-unable-to-install.png)

> To resolve the issue, simply uninstall the prior Brim release (e.g. by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve the issue, simply uninstall the prior Brim release (e.g., by
```

> executing `yum remove brim` or `dnf remove brim` in a Terminal window) before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
executing `yum remove brim` or `dnf remove brim` in your shell) before
```

re-attempting the install of the new release. All previously-imported data and
app settings (which are stored in `$HOME/.config/Brim`, separate from the
Brim binaries) will still be intact when you now proceed with the install of
the newer release.

This is a one-time procedure. Once you successfully install the newer Brim
release, upgrading via RPM packages to future releases newer than `v0.25.0`
will not require this manual uninstall step.

> **Note:** The procedure described above is _only_ required for Linux

> > distributions that use the RPM-based package format. On distributions that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> distributions that use the RPM package format. On distributions that
```
